In this demos, I will show you a set up of Kubernetes with kops. You can use kops on Linux and on Mac.
If you have Windows you first have install Vagrant and VirtualBox, so they will first show you is to
so they will first show you is to start a new VM with a VirtualBox you can do that on Mac, on Linux, and on Windows as well.
So, first you download a Vagrant and VirtualBox, and then you install it.
It's very easy, very straightforward.
Then, you open a shell or a terminal on Mac and then you create a directory in this directory.
In this directory, you do, "vagrant init ubuntu/xenial64". I am going to use "ubuntu/xenial64", but you can use any linux distribution that you want.
On the website of Vagrant, you can find other boxes, if you'd rather run other operating system.
These "vagrant init" will create a vagrant file and then you just do, "vagrant up".
"Vagrant up" is then going to use a virtual box to set to set up this "ubuntu/xenial64" box.
This might take some time.
A couple of minutes.
And this is what you should see, when it is set up.
You also see that within the Linux box you just create,
you have a "/vagrant" that is pointing to the current directory that you are in, on your host system.
To log in, "vagrant ssh-config", Linux and Mac users will just be able to do, "vagrant ssh".
Windows users will need to take a look at this identity file here.
This is going to point to a path of the "private key" that they can use in "putty".
So, it is a tool for windows to look into as a sage,
and you can use "puttygen" or "putty" to first convert this private key, using "puttygen" and then log in with "putty" to this box.
You can also use a "vagrant ssh". But, then you need to install open ssh client.
So, whatever you think is most easy for you, you can either use "puttygen" or "putty" to log in with your private key
to log in using ubuntu, or you can install open ssh libraries.
If you would be stuck,
There's lots of information on the Internet on how to convert a key using "puttygen" and "putty",
there are lots of screenshots, so have a look there, if it still doesn't work, use the Q&A, and tell me exactly where you're stuck, and I will try to help you.
So, from now on, I'll assume that you have a Linux box available on whatever platform that you are.
So from this point on, I'll be using the Linux downloads and I will be using this box to set up the Kubernetes cluster.
So, the next step here is that we are going to downloads kops, so that we can install kubernetes.